["---\n---\ntitle: about\nsummary: Über mich ;-)\nversion:\npublished_at: !ruby/object:ActiveSupport::TimeWithZone\n  utc: 2025-03-06 15:53:01.713035000 Z\n  zone: !ruby/object:ActiveSupport::TimeZone\n    name: Europe/Berlin\n  time: 2025-03-06 16:53:01.713035000 Z\ntags: []\nmetadata: {}\nposition: 0\nid: 6\n---\n\n", "# The developer about himself:\n \n*Uncompromising automation of billiard game operations from tournament planning to data acquisition and transmission of game results. That is the goal of the Carambus project\n\n*Actually, my consulting business Ullrich-IT-Consulting is already history, as I have been retired for some time now. But on the occasion of the upcoming anniversary of my club [Billardclub Wedel 61 e.V.](http://www.billardclub-wedel.de/), I finally had the idea of contributing something substantial.*\n\n*And anyone who knows me knows that throughout my entire professional life - most recently as a visionary at Sun Microsystems - I have been keen to use the latest technologies*\n\n*i first came into contact with the Ruby/Rails development environment in 2008. Since then, I have appreciated the enormous progress in development speed. The big question now was whether this project, which places real-time requirements on the display and acquisition systems involved in many places, could be realized in a meaningful way with RoR.*\n\n\n*The project was therefore initially preceded by an approx. 4-week evaluation of possible development environments - in particular React, React Native and Angular. Unfortunately, this led to very complex breakpoints between server-side database-oriented logic and the JavaScript-based end devices. In other words, different operating systems, languages and frameworks. Not a good idea. Fortunately, I found an ideal solution via [GoRails](https://gorails.com) - Stimulus Reflex and Cable Ready! Carambus is a server-based web solution with a single page feeling and the scoreboards!\n\n*Dr. Gernot Ullrich*\n \n*Ullrich-IT-Consulting*"]